Facebook’s platform consists
of three major blocks,
which are campaigns,
ad sets and ads.
You will see it more graphically.
Each campaign is a grouping of
ad sets and you can have
as many as you want.
Each set of ads is a
set of ads.
That is, each campaign can have
endless sets of ads and each
set of ads can have endless
sets of ads.
Within the campaign section, you
define the goal to which I want
to direct the campaign.
It can be a brand recognition
goal, a goal of attracting
traffic to my website, playing
a video or even conversions
on my website.
That is, that they leave the data or
that they buy a product.
I will give you an example.
Imagine that we want to create a
Christmas campaign and we want
to create two different segments
for this Christmas campaign.
The first is for men over 35 years
of age and who live only
in Madrid.
But I also want those men
to have college studies
completed and also have an
interest in sports and Netflix.
I have already set up my target
audience.
Now I’ll tell Facebook where
I want my ads to appear.
I can tell you that they only appear
on smartphones and tablets or only
for example on computers.
But it’s that Facebook also gives
us the possibility to choose where
they appear within Facebook,
Instagram and elsewhere.
For example, I want them to only
appear in the news section that
is the Facebook wall.
There are other options
such as typical ads on the right
column or I just want it
to appear on Instagram and
not on Instagram Stories.
Audios Network is the display
of Facebook.
To give you an example and that
you understand, if you’ve
ever had advertising
in an app or a game, because
those ads can perfectly be
Facebook ads.
And lastly, Messenger, which here
in Spain is not used much, but for
example in Latin America and the United
States the use of Messenger is
almost equal or greater than
that of WhatsApp.
Finally, I’ll determine once
I have the targeting and the
locations where I want my
ads to appear, I’ll tell
Facebook that I want to spend
only 50 euros a day on this
set of ads that I’m setting
for men and I can tell you
it starts and ends
on a certain date.
And the last thing I’ll tell you
is how much I’m willing to
pay for this ad.
So what is my pocket.
I have set a 25 cents price
per click.
If my auction is above other
companies that are auctioning
for this same target audience,
my ads will appear.
If you are below, they won’t appear.
Once I have defined segmentation,
defined location, budget
and auction, Facebook tells me I
have a potential reach of
between 240 and 680 people and
of which it tells me that between
5 and 32 clicks I’ll follow
a day.
We have already created the segmentation
or segmentations for our campaign.
Now we need to create the ad or
ads for each segmentation.
Facebook offers different formats
of advertising.
This would be a sequential
ad or also called a carousel,
where we use it to
show people who are
behind the computer.
But then there are also formats of a
single image, a single video, presentation
or collection.
The parts of the ad are common
on all types of platforms.
We would have the text or copy,
the creativity or video, the ad
title and a small description.
I want to show you this advertisement
we use on Facebook.
I will use this ad to give
you an example and give you
some advice to create a good ad.
The first thing to do is copy
or text the ad.
The copy must be striking and attractive
to the person who sees it.
I would say it should be a copy that
goes straight to the benefits of
your product or service.
Also, as you can see, we have
added a cta or link to the page
where we want to redirect the person,
because there are a lot of people
who would click on the link instead
of the ad, because it is
a link.
We also used emoji, which are
great for attracting attention,
but you should not abuse
them.
Another tip is to use video
instead of creativity.
This is due to the trend that there
is more and more of using video.
In addition, if you look at it,
the video has a square format that
is made up to take up more space
inside the screen, both on
computers and on the smartphone.
One tip is to subtitle the videos,
because there are a lot of people
who are using the phone on
public sites without sound and
so they could see what the
person says.
If you use creativity instead
of a video, it is important that
the text within creativity
does not occupy more than 20%
of what creativity is.
This is a rule, not a advice,
it is a Facebook rule that will make
if it occupies more than 20% of
your ads have worse performance.
Finally, the ad button or cta we advise
not to use the registration button
or buy anymore because people
are very reluctant to give
directly to register or to
buy a product directly from
Facebook.